My friend Ke's here to wake me. "Good morning, Ra! The Elder wants to see you!" he says. "Damn." I think. "I need to start locking my door."
Gi is complaining about the heat. He doesn't seem to realise we live in a desert. Honestly.
Lu isn't saying much. Poor guy nearly got killed on a hunt last year. The desert's a tough place to live.
Mo's the only other caster here, apart from the Elder. She's much older than me, though, so I do most of the magic in these parts. We chat for a bit, about monsters and the like, then I nod goodbye. Places to be.
I notice Ba looks a bit concerned over something. He's one of my oldest friends, and has dedicated his life to studying the stars - we both would have, had I not found out I was a damn caster. He looks preoccupied though. I'd better leave him.
Cy gives me yet another smug smirk. "You be careful out there, big guy."
Despite the fact that there are so few of us left, I don't often see the Elder. She addresses me like she's known me my whole life - now I think about it, she probably has. "Ah. Ra. I am glad you came. There is a matter of importance we must discuss." she says. I groan inwardly. "Earlier today, something fell from the sky - something oddly shaped. No ordinary meteor." I shrug. "Isn't this more Ba's area?" The Elder shakes her head. "Ba informed me of this. However, it landed far out in the desert - it isn't safe to send him." I groan, again - possibly not inwardly this time, because the Elder notices. "You're the only caster young enough to venture out, Ra. I don't want to have to order you..." I nod. Time to go.
Cy's the Elder's assistant, and helps with whatever little organisation this godsforsaken rock actually needs. "I can't let you through here until you've seen the Elder, kiddo." he says, smirking. I resist the urge to zap him.
"Be careful, Ra." the Elder says, her eyes piercing my soul. It stings a little. "The desert is dangerous, and there are so few of us left. May the gods look down on you." I make a mental note to make a rude gesture at the sky.
Qa is one of our desert hunters. He must have come to the oasis for a rest. "Hi Ra." he says, smiling. "Elder got you chasing falling stars?" I grunt in the affirmitive.
I ask this guy why their town is so dark. He points, and I look up to see that the whole village is in the shadow of a kinda sinister-looking mountain. "Haunted, is it?" I ask, laughing. He just stares at me. He looks terrified.
"I'm looking for something that fell out of the sky." I say. "Any pointers for me?" Randall thinks for a moment, then says, "0x3A28213A. 0x6339392C. 0x7363682E." I shake my head.
I try to squeeze past, but the guy in the way says, "I can't let you through. Don't you know the mountain is full of ghosts?" I think about zapping him, then realise he's a caster too. Better leave it for now.
I ask whether he's seen anything fall out of the sky. He looks blank for a moment, then says, "Oh...I think our Elder mentioned something. She's upstairs." 
"So what's this about the mountain being haunted?" I ask. She looks scared. I make ghost noises. She looks pissed.
Before I have time to say anything, the Mountainsfoot Elder looks me straight in the eye, and speaks. "You are looking for the...object...that fell from the sky?" she asks. I nod. No sense skirting around the subject. "The object fell to the north, beyond the Mountain's western ridge. You must travel through the desert to reach the pass. However, there have been many rockfalls lately, and the way may be blocked by debris." I nod again, wondering where this is going. "I will teach you a spell that will allow you to break boulders." The Elder's eyes glow, and she places a hand on my head. Awed, I feel the energy of a much more powerful caster flow through me. It tastes a bit like lemons.
"Guard yourself." says the Elder. "What you find may change everything." I press her on the subject, but she refuses to speak further. Daft bat.
I'm stunned; shocked into silence. What, or WHO, is this...thing? Suddenly, it speaks. "I've been waiting for you. The stargazing caster. You are Ra, correct?" I nod, dumbly. "Good." it continues. "My name is Maerchyoloplov. I am Chief Scout to the Red militia, and I am taking you with me. Up there." He points to the sky. Somehow, I find my voice. "Wh-why?" "You are to become our secret weapon." he says. "The war may be won because of you. Say goodbye to your planet." Laughing, he takes a small, silvery object from a holster in his wrist, and jabs it into my leg. As my vision fades, I hear him say, "Sentinel, this is Scout One. Prepare for uplift."